---
layout: post
title:  Wild West Hackin' Fest 2022
post-image: "../../assets/images/writing.png"
description: How to build a community
tags:
- conference
- friends
- cybersecurity

---
Deadwood, South Dakota in October is a beautiful sight.  It's also the site of [Black Hills Information Security's](https://www.blackhillsinfosec.com) annual conference that brings together some of the most well known security professionals, hackers, and all around great people. John Strand has created a community that breaks down the barriers of information security. Seeing the people that enter the conference feels more like a family reunion of sorts rather than a conference.

I've had the pleasure of being a part of the community since early in 2019, when Black Hills adopted Discord as a space for like minded individuals to start sharing thoughts and find help when they need it.  BHIS regularly shared their knowledge with the world through webinars and casts. Discord gave their attendees and followers a chance to engage in two way communication and carry on the conversation well after ending their stream.  COVID-19 brought the community even closer. While the world started shutting down, BHIS's model helped keep a lot of people sane by continuing their webcasts and conferences in a virtual space.

Wild West Hackin' Fest is a premier conference for security professionals, either far into your career, or just getting started. They offer pre-conference training in a variety of areas.  You can learn about writing exploits, starting incident response, or learning to defend an enterprise environment. 